I don't know if you're on vacation if
you're paying attention to the news or
not but it was an all caps kind of day
for the President of the United States
today this is what he tweeted this
afternoon it'll give you a sense of
what's going on
I just got impeached for making a
perfect phone call I only wish I could
have been there when he pounded that out
with he he matched those stumpy pink
little thumbs into his phone like he was
killing a little bugs or something and
this by the way is what he's tweeting
before the trial starts so I think we
have a lot to look forward to the
impeachment trial starts Tuesday and
there are specific rules for how this
will go in our last time it happened
there were no one who had phones this
time senators will not be allowed to use
their phones during the trial and they
will have to stand when they cast votes
which is a big deal because the world
for a lot of these senators this will be
the first time they've ever stood for
anything
Roberts was sworn in today by the
president Senate President pro-tem
who did not make me feel optimistic
about the republican-controlled senate
desire to conduct a fair and impartial
trial do you solemnly swear that in all
matters appertaining to the trial of the
impeachment of Donald John Trump he will
uphold impartial justice even though we
all know that he was guilty admit we all
know he's a treasonous little power
but that won't matter because you will
examine the evidence yada yada
bingo-bango and in three weeks he'll be
back to ranting about flushing toilets
and windmills causing cancer so help you
God I do the Chief Justice has a tough
job he's in charge of the proceedings
but he doesn't have any actual power in
them alone we'll see wouldn't it be
great if John Roberts just stood up and
said I'm the Chief Justice and we're
gonna have justice damn it anybody got a
problem with that you son of a Mitch I
used to have sexual fantasies now all I
have is this but meanwhile the
bombshells are still falling from the
sky thanks to one of Rudy Giuliani's
Ukrainian dirt diggers Lev partes sat
down with Rachel Maddow last night to
spill the borscht there were a number of
takeaways from the interview like that
Trump is gonna get taken away was one of
them but this was some back-and-forth
among many other things web part is told
Rachel Maddow he relayed a message on
behalf of Rudy Giuliani and the
president to the president of Ukraine
that said the US would stop all aid if
they did not announce an investigation
into the Biden's and pointed out that if
he hadn't been sent by Trump as they
claimed why would you cranial officials
have met with him in the first place
Parnas said everyone in Trump's inner
circle knew what was going on Mike Pence
John Bolton the Attorney General William
bar he'd probably even Kanye knew what
was going on and parties even wrote Mike
Pence's brother Greg into the mess who
knew Mike Pence even had a brother Greg
this is Matt out coverage is about
everything but the headline was this
what do you think is the main inaccuracy
or the main lie that's being told that
you feel like you can correct that the
president
know what was going on president Trump
know exactly what was going on he was
aware of all of my movements he I
wouldn't do anything without their
consent the Rudy Giuliani or the
president there he is the smoking gun
it's right there
he said he spent four or five days a
week with Rudy Giuliani's does not look
good for Rudy but then again neither do
his teeth in terms of the president what
he has said about you he said about you
and mr. Froman you go from in I don't
know those gentlemen I don't know about
them I don't know what they do you're
saying that was not a true statement
from the president he lied I mean we're
not friends I mean when you say friends
I mean mean and didn't watch football
games together with in heat hot books
but he knew exactly who we were he knew
exactly who I was especially in Ukraine
the truest test of friendship is whether
or not you eat hot dogs so that was last
night this morning
Kellyanne Conway found herself in the
unusual position of being grilled by Fox
News what is the White House's position
and his allegations that are now public
well remember people go on TV are never
under oath this is someone who hadn't
come forward to his own volition he was
arrested and then indicted are you
saying
flatout a hundred percent what he
alleges is not true yes when my partner
says speak into the court of law when he
says the president knew all of my moves
he gave consent objection you cannot say
what somebody else knew or thought is he
lying or not Kellyanne well he's a
proven liar he's been indicted it's a
yes or no question Trump knew exactly
what was going on said less partes and
we're asking is that statement true or
false
Trump knew what was going on how in
other words what his love heart is
actually saying yeah I know if I was her
I just run I I just
I turn around I start running I wouldn't
stop till I got to Disney World but she
is sticking with Trump to the end let
Parnas says unequivocally Trump knows
him and knew what he was up to but today
the president suggested otherwise
conversation that I remember with him I
don't know perhaps he's a fine man
perhaps he's not I know nothing about
him I don't know what he's about don't
know where he comes from know nothing
about him he knows everything and
nothing all at the same time Parnas also
named dropped another team Trumper who
happens to be the ranking member of the
House Intelligence Committee Devin Nunez
who did everything he could to derail
the impeachment hearing previously
claimed he could not recall a fee to
have a conversation with LEM farness on
his personal cell phone but then last
night after Parnas told rachel maddow
that Nunez was personally involved
magically he remembered the call - and
we also talked back then about the fact
that your phone number showed up with
calls to him - Liv Parnas in a like list
of data numbers and you said that you
didn't recall speaking with him or
whether it was on your cell phone or
your office phone have you have you
figured out the answer to any of the if
you recall that was brand new when that
account when I came on your show I just
didn't know the name this name Parr
knows he doesn't even know how to
pronounce the name Parnassus
I mean there are a lot of Parnassus out
there is he supposed to remember all of
the call records show multiple calls
between Nunez and partisan once they
spoke for eight and a half minutes and
this I don't speak of my mother for
eight and a half minutes I don't know
what they were talking the whole
scenario feels like The Sopranos except
instead of organized crime it's
disorganized very disorganized and this
left part is one an interesting
character last night Rudy Giuliani
called him a proven liar even though not
only did he work for Giuliani for quite
some time
Rudy's godfather to his child but I
don't think he was happy to see his
former friend on TV last night basically
I mean I wasn't really more than 19 for
five days out of the week I mean that I
was in content constant contact with him
so and I was with Rudy when he would
speak to the president I interacted with
them at a lot of events I had a lot of
one-on-one conversations with their men
I hope they can work this out I really
do yeah I may be the most shocking
revelation of all of all the many things
we learned is that left artists this man
is only 47 years old he is the same age
as Sophia Vergara and he's three years
younger than Paul Rudd so that's what
happens when Rudy drink your blood and
while the president is on the hot plate
his son-in-law
in a bit of excellent timing Jared
Kushner is on the cover of Time magazine
this week with it was quite a photo how
are we supposed to trust him with the
Middle East when he doesn't even know
what to do with his arms it looks like
he's in a police lineup look at he says
it'll be interesting to see how this
plays out because the you know Donald
Trump doesn't like magazines when he is
not on the Comfort he's not gonna pay a
porn star to spank him with that let's
just say time did a whole profile on
Jared Jared said when he got to the
White House he didn't necessarily know
what it took to be successful and guess
what he still does not know but Jared
could always has like spaced out look in
his face like the edibles just kicked in
and the fact that this is happening that
he got this interview at the same time
Republicans are demanding that hunter
Biden explain how he got a job he wasn't
qualified for is very rich but the
interview they even shot a little tour
of Jared's office at the White House
take a look at this when you walk into
the West Wing it's a small space
everyone who walks down the hall to meet
the president will walk by Jared Kushner
[Music]
he has become Trump's most loyal
troubleshooter the president trusts him
and gives him some of his most important
policy initiatives are trying to drive
through look at that note - Jared great
job on Mexico thanks dad it's a kind of
note you get when you write a book
report him about Mexico and the teacher
gives you a B+ but jeredy is a bunch of
frame notes from Trump on the wall of
his office
Jared great job thanks Donald Trump -
Jared great job Donald Trump this is a
map of Israel Trump sign and wrote nice
and then this was a weird one this I
thought was a little strange your wife
is hot which is hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give
back this holiday season buy my new book
the serious goose
I wrote it and drew it all the money I
make goes to children's hospitals across
the country and if you don't support
that you are a box